That I may dedicate each victory to her and call upon her in defeat, and if at last I give my life, I give it in the sacred name of Dulcinea.
Dost not see? A monstrous giant of infamous repute whom I intend to encounter.
A knight must not complain of his wounds, though his bowels be dropping out.
Not well? What is illness to the body of a knight-errant? What matter wounds? For each time he falls, he shall rise again, and woe to the wicked.
See that your grooms care for my fleet-footed Rocinante, a horse of courage, sobriety, and chastity; the flower and glory of horseflesh.
Ho, there, foul monster! Cease the knocking at thy craven knees and prepare to do battle!
Dear God, it is she. Sweet lady, fair virgin. I dare not gaze fully upon thy countenance as I'd be blinded by beauty.
Victory! VIctory! Victory!
Do my eyes deceive me? The giant white dragon has come to do battle with the great Don Quixote de la Mancha!
I tell thee it is a giant white dragon. And I shall slay it. Charge, great Rosinante! Charge!
Young lady, I am a fool and I am a dreamer. I am a ridiculous old man who would wish the world to be other than it is. But I am not a coward!
Let it be one in a million! For I, Don Quixote de la Mancha, will rise to the challenge!
Happy the days and happy the centuries to which the ancients gave the name of "golden".
Those who lived then did not know the meaning of those fateful words "thine" and "mine".
I know who I am, and I know that I am perfectly capable of being whom I choose to be.
There is a world outside La Mancha. There is a great elsewhere, my neighbor. And there we may both find fame and fortune.
because for a knight errant to go crazy for good reason, how much is that worth? My idea is to become a lunatic for no good reason at all.
That must be some other Sancho.
Although it's true I'm pretty clever, and I'm something of a rascal, but all that's well hidden under this always easy and natural disguise of behaving like a fool.
There is remedy for all things except death
I want you to see me naked and performing one or two dozen mad acts, which will take me less than half an hour, because if you have seen them with your own eyes, you can safely swear to any others you might wish to add
I don't see what my arse has to do with enchantings!
Proverbs are short sentences drawn from long and wise experience.
I drink when I have occasion, and sometimes when I have no occasion.
The pen is the tongue of the mind.
Folly is wont to have more followers and comrades than discretion.
I would do what I pleased, and doing what I pleased, I should have my will, and having my will, I should be contented; and when one is contented, there is no more to be desired; and when there is no more to be desired, there is an end of it.
Patience and shuffle the cards.
Let us not throw the rope after the bucket.
Never look for birds of this year in the nests of the last.
All sorrows are good (or are less) with bread.
Leap out of the frying pan into the fire.
Within a stone's throw of it.
A man prepared has half fought the battle.
All kinds of beauty do not inspire love; there is a kind which only pleases the sight, but does not captivate the affections.
Hell is paved with priests' skulls.
Tell me thy company and I will tell thee what thou art.
When you are at Rome, do as you see.
But my thoughts ran a wool-gathering; and I did like the countryman, who looked for his ass while he was mounted on his back.
Not with whom you are born, but with whom you are bred.
All will come out in the washing.
The foolish sayings of the rich pass for wise saws in society.
Hunger is the best sauce in the world.
God who sends the wound sends the medicine.
One swallow alone does not make the summer.
Make hay while the sun shines.
I have other fish to fry.
As ill-luck would have it.
There is no proverb which is not true.
Can one desire too much of a good thing?
All that glisters is not gold.
Until death all is life.
Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets.
Crying: acceptable at funerals and the Grand Canyon.
I call this turf 'n' turf. It's a 16 oz T-bone and a 24 oz porterhouse. Also, whiskey and a cigar. I am going to consume all of this at the same time because I am a free American.
Under my tutelage, you will grow from boys to men. From men into gladiators. And from gladiators into Swansons.
I'm a simple man. I like pretty, dark-haired women, and breakfast food.
Never half-ass two things. Whole-ass one thing.
Straight down the middle. No hook, no spin, no fuss. Anything more and this becomes figure skating.
I don't want to paint with a broad brush here, but every single contractor in the world is a miserable, incompetent thief.
Fishing relaxes me. It's like yoga, except I still get to kill something.
No home is complete without a proper toolbox. Here's April and Andy's: A hammer, a half eaten pretzel, a baseball card, some cartridge that says Sonic and Hedgehog, a scissor half, a flashlight filled with jellybeans.
Just give me all the bacon and eggs you have. Wait...wait. I worry what you just heard was: Give me a lot of bacon and eggs. What I said was: Give me all the bacon and eggs you have. Do you understand?
When people get a little too chummy with me I like to call them by the wrong name to let them know I don't really care about them.
There's only one thing I hate more than lying: skim milk. Which is water that's lying about being milk.
The government is a greedy piglet that suckles on a taxpayer's teat until they have sore, chapped nipples.
People are idiots, Leslie.
The less I know about other people's affairs, the happier I am. I'm not interested in caring about people. I once worked with a guy for three years and never learned his name. Best friend I ever had. We still never talk sometimes.
When I eat, it is the food that is scared.
My only official recommendations are US Army-issued mustache trimmers, Morton's Salt, and the C.R. Lawrence Fein two inch axe-style scraper oscillating knife blade.
Are you going to tell a man that he can't fart in his own car?
Turkey can never beat cow.
It's always a good idea to demonstrate to your coworkers that you are capable of withstanding a tremendous amount of pain.
There are three acceptable haircuts: high and tight, crew cut, buzz cut.
Capitalism: God's way of determining who is smart and who is poor.
Any dog under fifty pounds is a cat and cats are useless.
Fish, for sport only, not for meat. Fish meat is practically a vegetable.
There is only one bad word: taxes.
History began July 4th, 1776. Anything before that was a mistake.
Cultivating a manly musk puts opponent on notice.
Give a man a fish and feed him for a day. Don't teach a man to fish... and feed yourself. He's a grown man. And fishing's not that hard.
Child labor laws are ruining this country.
Great job, everyone. The reception will be held in each of our individual houses, alone.
America: The only country that matters. If you want to experience other 'cultures' use an atlas or a ham radio.
The key to burning an ex-wife effigy is to dip it in paraffin wax and then toss the flaming bottle of isopropyl alcohol from a safe distance. Do not stand too close when you light an ex-wife effigy.
There are only three ways to motivate people: money, fear, and hunger.
Shorts over six inches are capri pants, shorts under six inches are European.
Lovemaking and woodworking.
I have an uncle who does yoga.
Friends: one to three is sufficient.
Breakfast food can serve many purposes.
Honor: if you need it defined, you don't have it.
One rage every three months is permitted. Try not to hurt anyone who doesn't deserve it.
Strippers do nothing for me... but I will take a free breakfast buffet anytime, anyplace.
I like saying 'No' it lowers their enthusiasm.
You had me at meat tornado.